feat: ✨ expand values on also building people and knowledge (#258)
seedcase-project/design: organisation/contribution.qmd

## We are our first users

Our work will often involve directly contributing to others' projects to support
and enable them in their work. This means we will most often be the users of the
tools and products we create. So, we aim to plan for and design products with
our own needs in mind first. But we will always build, document, and develop
with the perspective that others will use the products too.

## Prioritize, but don't obsess over, quality

High-quality, well-designed, and -written contributions are a major investment
that will pay off in the longer term. It leads to lower technical debt, easier
maintenance, and better user experiences. We aim to invest in the longer term by
prioritizing quality. However, identifying quality often requires expertise, so
we will also aim to balance progress with our current knowledge for what is

> quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we aim to balance progress with our current knowledge of what constitutes
quality.
```

need updating shortly in the future. We will not assume any product is ever
"done", nor will we assume any feature or task is ever truly "complete". As the
sayings go, "perfect is the enemy of \[done\]" and "better a diamond with a flaw
than a pebble without".

## Actively seek areas to improve

Things can change incredibly rapidly in the (creative) knowledge work world,
which includes the tech world. Software, methodologies and documents get created
daily and updated regularly. Even internally, our products and documents can
easily get outdated. So we aim to actively and regularly seek out and be aware
for opportunities to improve things. This doesn't just include improving the
products, it also includes the team workflows, communications, [developer
experience](https://developerexperience.io/articles/good-developer-experience),
[DevOps](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DevOps), [platform
engineering](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Platform_engineering), and security
practices.

## Deeply understand the code just as much as the problem

Not understanding the problem domain is a well-established cause of software

> that is rarely used as well as technical debt. But another, increasingly common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not understanding the problem domain is a well-established cause of both underutilised software
and technical debt. But another, increasingly common
```

source of technical debt is when the code itself isn't as well understood,
especially with the rise of AI agents that can write code faster than we can

> understand it. With more of these tools being developed, technical expertise is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source of technical debt is when the code itself isn't well understood. This
problem is increasing with the rising popularity of AI agents that can write code faster than we can
understand it. With more of these tools, technical expertise and understanding is
```

more important than ever. So we aim to ensure that we deeply understand the code
we write and use, just as much as we try to deeply understand the problem
domain, so that when issues arise, we can better understand and more quickly fix
them. Understanding the code also ensures we continue to learn and develop our

> own expertise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more important than ever. So, we aim to ensure that we deeply understand the code
we write and use, just as much as we aim to deeply understand the problem
domain. This way, when issues arise, we can better understand and fix
them faster. Keeping the focus on understanding the code produced also ensures we continue to learn and develop our
own expertise.
```
